# First startup
This can be both a website and applications. The work will be aimed at improving the quality and availability of goods in stores. The idea was also taken from personal experience, since I managed to work in a store. It will be the same catalog where you can choose a product that you want to buy today, or some product that IS in stock (you can just check the availability of the product in the store), BUT….

This application will not help customers, but store employees. We have a lot of stores where the acute problem is a lack of staff. And this application will help make their work easier. If previously an employee displayed all the goods, even those that are not in demand, and neglected the popular goods (such as dairy products), now he will be able to look at the application and see that he should immediately put out the bread, since a large number of people will want buy it. And this will also affect the quality of the product. And that's why:
Since the store orders in bulk, so much product arrives that there is simply nowhere to put it and the employees decide to leave it in the corridor in the hope that they will be able to put it out in the near future and it will not spoil, but if this does not happen, then the product becomes unusable (for example, milk, which will not last long without refrigeration). But if they had this application, then they could see that they should take out all the sour cream and put milk in it, since today there will be a great demand for sour cream.

# second startup
An application that will simplify the lives of students and their parents.  The principle is simple.  It will display all the work/tests that the student has not yet passed (debts).  Teachers' schedules and information about the department where they can be found will be visible.  There you can also place all the information about “electives” and organizations that the student attends (for example, a basketball or tourism association).  In essence, it is an electronic diary for students.  But the student can also share an “invitation link” with his parents, which will only give access to his “debts” and show his current status (expelled or not).

# third startup 
A banal application where a teenager can find a part-time job.  This is the main point.  I took this idea from personal experience when I was looking for a part-time job for the summer.  On the Internet you can find sites/applications that show employers who are looking for people for a long time.  I searched for 2 months, but never found it, I had to walk around the city and ask everyone.  So, in this application it will be possible to place advertisements only for part-time work, where the possible minimum period of part-time work and the required qualities and age will be immediately indicated.
